---
id: "item-2025-11-04-001"
type: "release_note"
title: "MiR Fleet Enterprise 1.4.0"
status: "published"
version: "1"
language: "en"
firstReleaseDate: "2025-11-04"
updateDate: "2025-11-04"
tags:
- "bugfix"
- "linux"
accessLevel:
- "partner"
swVersion: "1.4.0"
swAccess: "standard"
---

# MiR Fleet Enterprise 1.4.0 {% tag="release_note_mfe_1.4.0" %}
       
## Description

This software release includes several general fixes and enhancements to improve stability and performance of MiR Fleet Enterprise and deckload robots. 
  
The software release also includes support for Linux-based host devices, a new Prompt user action, and a number of updates to the Compatibility and Integration APIs.


A critical software issue found on MiR Fleet Enterprise 1.4.0 **prevents support for MiR1200 Pallet Jack** at the time of release of this software version.

MiR Fleet Enterprise 1.4.1 will address the software issue related to MiR1200 Pallet Jack while bringing  new features and numerous improvements to the robot.

Deckload robots can still upgrade to MiR Fleet Enterprise 1.4.0 as normal. If you have both deckload robots and MiR1200 Pallet Jack in your fleet, it is recommended to wait for MiR Fleet Enterprise 1.4.1 before upgrading.

## New features

**Support for Linux-based host devices**
MiR Fleet Enterprise can now be installed and run on Linux-based host devices. Ubuntu 24.04 and Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8.10 are officially supported. See <i>MiR Fleet Enterprise Documentation</i> for more information.


**Prompt user action**

A new user action called “Prompt” is introduced in MiR Fleet Enterprise 1.4.0. The Prompt action allows users to interact with a prompted message via the user interface. The user’s selection determines the next step(s) in a mission.

The Prompt action can be configured with multiple choice actionable options and a timeout, and the prompt can be targeted at select Roles.

## API improvements

Both the Compatibility and Integration API have received notable enhancements, such as robot  data, mission priorities, evacuation handling, and mission abort capabilities, making it easier to build integrations and preserve existing software version 3.x behavior when migrating to MiR Fleet Enterprise. 

New endpoints have been introduced for accessing robot data, order status, zone data and detailed site data in general, giving integrators more flexible, polling-based alternatives. 

See MiR Fleet Enterprise OpenAPI documentation on MiR Support Portal.

The following API related issues have also been solved: 

{% getReleaseNotes{"fixVersion"="1.4.0", "releaseSection"="API"} %}

## Issues solved

{% getReleaseNotes{"fixVersion"="1.4.0", "releaseSection"="issues_solved"} %}

{% partial file="_partials/upgrade_robots"%}